README.md, before:

# A QUIZ FORM
### It is a form with multiple choice questions
##### By Denis Kisavi

## Table of Content

+ [Description](#description)
+ [Installation Requirement](#installation)
+ [Technology Used](#technology-used)
+ [Reference](#reference)
+ [Licence](#licence)
+ [Authors Info](#author-Info)

## Description
This form is dived into the following sections,
 + The first page which has details on what the student is to expect in the test.
 + The second page which contains the test or questions.
 + The third page which displays what the student has scored and action to be taken.
 
 ## Installation
  + No installation is required just a click of a link to display the form.
 ### Requirements
  + A smart phone, tablet or computer.
  + Access to the internet.

   ### Installation process
  To view the quiz form,
  + Click <a href="https://kisavi.github.io/JS_quiz/">here</a> or
  + Copy paste and load this link on your preferred browser https://kisavi.github.io/JS_quiz/
  
  ## Technology used
  + HTML - which was used in the structuring of the page.
  + CSS - which was used to style the page and its layout.
  + JS - which was used to add functionality including displaying divs and buttons while hidding others and also in results calculations.
  
  ## Reference
  + Vanilla CSS
  
  ## License
  
Copyright [2022] [Denis Kisavi]
  
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Authors info

LinkedIn profile [Denis Kagunda] (https://www.linkedin.com/in/denis-kagunda-5a391612a/)

Slack profile [Denis Kagunda] (https://app.slack.com/client/T0101L740P4/D02TFQE64MV/user_profile/U02TTFPL51B)

Commit message:

Other:README update - add figma link for the sample design

README.md, after:

# A QUIZ FORM
### It is a form with multiple choice questions
##### By Denis Kisavi

## Table of Content

+ [Description](#description)
+ [Installation Requirement](#installation)
+ [Technology Used](#technology-used)
+ [Reference](#reference)
+ [Licence](#licence)
+ [Authors Info](#author-Info)

## Description
This form is dived into the following sections,
 + The first page which has details on what the student is to expect in the test.
 + The second page which contains the test or questions.
 + The third page which displays what the student has scored and action to be taken.
 + Here is a my Figma sample design of the quiz board. https://www.figma.com/file/yiyXp5ZSMVsDnXoo3Kje2t/quiz-board?node-id=0%3A1 
 
 ## Installation
  + No installation is required just a click of a link to display the form.
 ### Requirements
  + A smart phone, tablet or computer.
  + Access to the internet.

   ### Installation process
  To view the quiz form,
  + Click <a href="https://kisavi.github.io/JS_quiz/">here</a> or
  + Copy paste and load this link on your preferred browser https://kisavi.github.io/JS_quiz/
  
  ## Technology used
  + HTML - which was used in the structuring of the page.
  + CSS - which was used to style the page and its layout.
  + JS - which was used to add functionality including displaying divs and buttons while hidding others and also in results calculations.
  
  ## Reference
  + Vanilla CSS
  
  ## License
  
Copyright [2022] [Denis Kisavi]
  
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Authors info

LinkedIn profile [Denis Kagunda] (https://www.linkedin.com/in/denis-kagunda-5a391612a/)

Slack profile [Denis Kagunda] (https://app.slack.com/client/T0101L740P4/D02TFQE64MV/user_profile/U02TTFPL51B)
